get ready to laugh and learn with Taylor
Swift and Ellen's so I'm Ethan and every
week here on learning Swift TV series we
help you to understand fast English
without getting lost without missing the
jokes and without subtitles so if that
sounds like something that you would
like to be able to do be sure to hit
that subscribe button and the bell down
below so you don't miss a single lesson
let's talk about your fear of sea
urchins don't even know come on can't
you're actually serious about this I'm
do you know what a Caesar do you know
what they are if they're you knew what
sea urchins were you would be terrified
well listen they're just these the
they're in the they're on rocks and
they're spiny looking there and the poor
things are just mind their own business
no they're not they're not that's the
thing they're just they're like they're
like a grenade they're like there's
they're sitting there waiting to
completely injure you to the point where
okay so you step you can't see a sea
urchin if you're okay like if you're in
the Caribbean they're like this water is
so beautiful it's amazing and you're
walking it's clear water you can't see a
sea urchins right there and then you
step on one and then it has Barb's and
it goes into you whatever it touches and
then you have to go to the emergency
room and it has to be surgically removed
you could lose your foot you could lose
your hand
you could lose your hand trying to get
it off of your foot so I don't like see
you at sea urchins listen let me let me
tell you something about sea urchins
they can puncture and injure you and
cause swelling and redness does that
sound like stuff that you want that's
but that's not what you just you just
described
you're losing your hand and your foot
you could lose your hand and your foot
from swelling and redness it's a it's a
living thing that would be stuck in you
like a knife it's not living and it's
the spine and and a lot of people that
you're not it's not gonna happen to you
number one I don't yeah cuz I don't want
to go near clear water
yeah
just murky water okay let's let's go get
another irrational fear of yours you're
scared of getting arrested I'm I'm
scared of getting framed so now you've
gone one step beyond who would frame you
and for what you owe so many people with
framing and and they could frame you for
any any crime that you could go to jail
for and I you know look at me I wouldn't
survive in jail and and I think it comes
from the fact that like I could open up
my phone I could look at my phone and
and see any headline written about me at
any time and it could be like the most
ridiculously untrue thing and so I think
the dream and the nightmare of being
framed comes from like I could I could
do nothing wrong I could sit in my house
with the cats all day and somehow there
could be an article about like me buying
a house I've been there in a place I've
never been or dating a guy I've never
met right so it's like you know but then
you take it a step further
nightmare world it's being framed for
murder yeah I don't think that's a step
that's a leap that's it but anyway you I
think you're fine and I think you'd even
have fans in prison and they would take
care of you and they love you
[Applause]
[Music]
let's talk about your fear of sea
urchins don't even this is short fur
don't even get me started about
something or don't even go there in
American English this is a common way to
tell someone not to start talking about
something example are you sure you don't
want to go I'm sure your ex-boyfriend
would have wanted to go hey don't even
pay attention to how Americans pronounce
this
we don't say don't even we say when a
word or syllable ends in an T an
American English it is common to just
pronounce the N if the next word begins
with a vowel then they usually link
together for example I can't eat that I
wouldn't argue with him about it
international in these words we do
pronounce the T because it begins the
syllable container pantry entertainment
no come on you're actually serious about
this I'm do you want to see her too you
know what they are if they're you knew
what sea urchins were you would be
terrified
come on said when encouraging someone to
do something or to hurry up or when one
feels that someone is wrong or foolish
example come on it's easy I'll help you
to be terrified of something to have an
extreme often irrational fear of
something listen they're just these
they're in the they're on rocks and
they're spiny looking there spiny
looking the word spine generally means
the structure of bones that extends
along the back of an animal in this case
spine refers to the hard pointed
projection that covers the body of the
sea urchin now spiny is an adjective for
something that has the qualities of a
spine or that is covered with spines
this is a good example of the suffix y
which is used to easily make nouns into
adjectives and even create new ones for
example you can say that something that
has the characteristics of cream is
screaming or something that makes a lot
of noise is noisy to say that something
is spiny looking means that it appears
to be spiny
you can clearly see how spiny it is by
looking at it for example we could say
that a person is funny-looking when they
look funny
and finally Ellen probably wanted to
finish that sentence with the word such
as thing completing the expression spiny
looking thing and the poor things are
just minding their own business
they're not that's the thing they're
just they're like they're like a grenade
poor thing
a phrase used to denote sympathy for
someone usually in bad moments for that
person to mind your own business to mind
as a verb that means to be concerned
annoyed or worried about something when
you tell someone to mind their own
business you're telling them in a rude
way that you do not want them to ask
about something private example what are
you doing over there
it doesn't concern you mind your own
business that's the thing this is a
phrase that we use to introduce an
opinion which shows disagreement or some
kind of counter-argument from what the
other speaker just said you're
identifying some kind of issue or
problem or reason why something can't
happen or be true example hey why don't
you come to the party tonight it'll be
fun and you'll meet lots of people well
that's the thing I don't really like
crowds and loud music I prefer to meet
people somewhere else grenade a small
bomb thrown by hand or launched
mechanically do you love laughing with
Ellen well then be sure to hit that like
button down below because this lets you
to know that you want to be notified
when we make new lessons like this one
they're like there's they're sitting
there waiting to completely injure you
to the point where to be sitting to be
in a seated position
for example sitting in a chair in this
case it just means that the person or
thing is waiting without any purpose not
moving example I found this book sitting
on my desk
to injure to do physical harm or damage
to someone example he got injured in a
bike accident and you're walking it's
clear water you can't see a sea urchins
right there and then you step on one and
then it has Barb's and it goes into you
whatever it touches and then you have to
go to the emergency room and it has to
be surgically removed stuff an act or
movement of putting one leg in front of
the other and walking or running later
in the scene we see another definition
of this word it can also mean on one
measure or action of a series now you've
gone one step beyond example this says
the first step is to connect these two
pieces the second step is to screw them
together bar another way of referring to
the spines of an animal emergency room
the department or area of a hospital
that provides immediate treatment for
urgent health issues surgically removed
surgery is a type of medical operation
especially one involving the removal or
replacement of a diseased organ or
tissue if something has to be surgically
removed that means it has to be taken
out through surgery you could lose your
foot you could lose your hand you could
lose your hand trying to get it off of
your foot trying to get it off
[Music]
you could lose your hand trying to get
it off of your foot I don't like CG at
sea urchins listen let me let me tell
you something let me tell you something
let me tell you something about sea
urchins they can puncture and injure you
and cause swelling and redness to
puncture act of making a small hole with
a sharp object swelling and redness
swelling is the state of being overly
inflated with more volume and it's
commonly co-located with parts of the
body redness is the quality or state of
having a reddish color but that's not
what you just you just described
you're losing your hand and your foot
you could lose your hand and your foot
from swelling and redness it's a it's a
living thing that would be stuck in you
like a knife it's stuck in something to
be inserted in something in such a way
that is difficult to remove example his
head got stuck in the turkey the key
seems to be stuck in the lock and I
can't get the door open it's not living
and it's the spine and and a lot of
people that you're not and and a lot of
people that you're not
and and a lot of people that you're not
it's not gonna happen to you number one
I know ya cuz I don't want to go near
Clearwater yeah just murky water okay
let's let's talk about another
irrational fear of yours murky water
murky means dark and dirty such as the
water of rivers and large cities
irrational fear a fear that you can't
find a logical reason to have and that
tends to be somewhat uncontrollable
almost everyone has an irrational fear -
of spiders for example or your annual a
dental checkup
for most people these fears are a minor
issue but when fears become so severe
with the cause tremendous anxiety and
interfere with your normal life they're
also called phobias practice your
English what do you have an irrational
fear of let me know in the comments
below you you're scared of getting
arrested
I'm I'm scared of getting framed to be
arrested to be apprehended and taken
into custody
usually because you have been suspected
of committing or planning a crime
example the robbers were caught by
surprise and arrested by the police to
be framed to make someone seem guilty of
a crime when they are not for example by
lying to the police or by producing
false evidence if you're enjoying this
then I highly recommend you check out
this playlist teaching you real-life
English with the Ellen show they could
frame you for any any crime that you
could go to jail for and I you know look
at me I wouldn't survive in jail jail a
place where people who are accused or
convicted of a crime or health jails are
generally for minor crimes with short
sentences while prisons are for more
severe crimes with longer sentences for
any any crime that you could go to jail
for and I you know look at me I wouldn't
survive in jail look at me I wouldn't
survive
for any any crime that you could go to
to jail for an eye you know look at me I
wouldn't survive in jail I could look at
my phone and and see any headline
written about me at any time and it
could be like the most ridiculously
untrue thing headline a headline is the
title of a news story printed in large
letters at the top of this story
especially on the front page and so I
think the dream and the nightmare of
being framed comes from like I could
nightmare literally a nightmare is a bad
terrifying dream
however this word is also commonly used
to describe a real-life situation that
is very difficult to deal with example
this project the professor assigned us
is a nightmare you know but then you
take it a step further in the Oh a
nightmare world it's being framed for
murder yeah I don't think that's a step
that's a leaf murder the crime of
intentionally killing a person leap a
long or high jump in a certain direction
here Ellen uses it feared of Leigh to
say that is difficult to logically
justify what Taylor is saying example
Jimmy leaped over the creek that was
blocking the trail sure he's a bad
president but it's a leap to claim that
he's actually a criminal that's it but
anyway you I think you're fine and I
think you'd even have fans in prison and
they would take care of you at fans
people who admire or support a person
team etc example I'm your biggest fan
are they fans of Barcelona or Real
Madrid
[Applause]
rest assured to be certain that
something will happen in this case it's
used as an isolated expression to make
someone feel safe or less worried about
something example you can rest assured
that you are getting the best price all
right it's almost time for your test but
before we do that I want to let you know
that if you get frustrated when you
can't understand that speaking natives
then we have a really fantastic free
three-part mini course for you it's
going to help you to learn all the
pronunciation the vocabulary and the
cultural secrets that you need to
understand natives at any speed you can
check that out by clicking up here
no let's jump into it your test let's
talk about your fear of sea urchins
don't see actions no come on
can't you're actually serious about this
I'm do you know what a speaker - you
know what they are if they're you knew
what sea urchins were you would be
terrified well listen they're just these
there in the there on rocks and there's
spiny looking there and the poor things
are just minding their own business
they're not they're not that's the thing
they're just they're like they're like a
grenade they're like there's they're
sitting there waiting to completely
injure you to the point where okay so
you step you can't see a sea urchin if
you're okay like if you're in the
Caribbean they're like this water is so
beautiful it's amazing and you're
walking it's clear water you can't see a
sea urchins right there and then you
step on one and then it has Barb's and
it goes into you whatever it touches and
then you have to go to the emergency
room and it has to be surgically removed
you could lose your foot you could lose
your hand you could lose your hand
trying to get it off of your foot
I don't like CG at sea urchins listen
let me let me tell you something about
sea urchins they can puncture and injure
you and cause swelling and redness does
that sound like stuff that you want
that's but but that's not what you just
you just described
you're losing your hand and your foot
you could lose your hand and your foot
from swelling and redness it's a it's a
living thing that would be stuck in you
like a knife it's not living and it's
the spine and and a lot of people that
you're not it's not gonna happen to you
number one I don't yeah because I don't
want to go near clear water
yeah just murky water okay
let's let's go write another irrational
fear of yours you're scared of getting
arrested I'm I'm scared of getting
framed so now you've gone one step
beyond who would frame you and for what
you owe so many people with framing and
and they could frame you for any any
crime that you could go to jail for and
I you know look at me I wouldn't survive
in jail and and I think it comes from
the fact that like I could open up my
phone I could look at my phone and and
see any headline written about me at any
time and it could be like the most
ridiculously untrue thing and so I think
the dream and the nightmare of being
framed comes from like I could I could
do nothing wrong I can sit in my house
with the cats all day and somehow there
could be an article about like me buying
a house I've never in a place I've never
been or dating a guy I've never met
right so it's like you know but then you
take it a step further
lo nightmare world it's being framed
for murder yes I don't think that's a
step that's a leap that's it but anyway
you I think you're fine and I think
you'd even have fans in prison and they
would take care of you and they love you
oh yeah I hope you have an awesome time
learning with us today be sure to check
out that free three-part mini course I
told me about also subscribe so you can
get all of our newest lessons check out
this playlist of lessons learning with
music and check out this other video
that I think you'll really like now it's
time to go outside the classroom and
live your English oh yeah